Episodes 1-10

Episode 1

    Jonathan Sims, Head Archivist at the Magnus Institute.
    Elias Bouchard, Head of the Magnus Institute.
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist, deceased.
    Martin Blackwood, research assistant to Jonathan Sims.
    Timothy Stoker, research assistant to Jonathan Sims.
    Sasha James, research assistant to Jonathan Sims.
    Nathan Watts, statement giver in episode 1.
    Michael MacAulay, friend of Nathan Watts.
    John Fellowes, student at the same university as Nathan Watts.
    Jessica McEwan, disappeared in the Fishmarket Close area Nov, 2005.
    Sarah Baldwin, disappeared in the Fishmarket Close area Aug, 2006.
    Daniel Rawlings, disappeared in the Fishmarket Close area Dec, 2006.
    Ashley Dobson, disappeared in the Fishmarket Close area May, 2008.
    Megan Shaw, disappeared in the Fishmarket Close area June, 2008.
    The Anglerfish, mysterious entity.

Episode 2

    Joshua Gillespie, statement giver in episode 2.
    Richard, friend of Joshua Gillespie.
    John, pays Joshua Gillespie £10,000 to store a coffin.
    Breekon & Hope, large delivery men speaking with cockney accents.

Episode 3

    Amy Patel, statement giver in episode 3.
    Graham Folger, classmate of Amy Patel.
    Not-Graham, mysterious entity that replaces Graham Folger.
    Desmond Folger, father of Graham Folger.
    Samantha Folger, mother of Graham Folger.

Episode 4

    Dominic Swain, statement giver in episode 4.
    Katherine Mendes, friend of Dominic Swain.
    Jurgen Leitner, Norwegian book collector whose bookplate is frequently found on paranormal books.
    MacGregor Mathers, listed as owning Key of Solomon alongside Jurgen Leitner.
    Mary Keay, the owner of Pinhole Books. Presumably murdered by her son Gerard Keay.
    Gerard Keay, a distinctly goth-looking young man. Purchases Ex Altiora from Dominic Swain and burns it.
    Michael Crew, a childhood friend of Dominic Swain who was struck by lightning when he was 8 years old.

Episode 5

    Kieran Woodward, statement giver in episode 5.
    David Atayah, Kieran Woodward's co-worker.
    Matthew Wilkinson, Kieran Woodward's co-worker.
    Alan Parfitt, Kieran Woodward's co-worker. Goes missing after obsessing over 93 Lancaster Road.
    Guy Wardman, Kieran Woodward's co-worker.
    Michael Parfitt, Alan Parfitt's brother who reported him missing.
    Police Constable Suresh
    Police Constable Altman

Episode 6

    Timothy Hodge, statement giver in episode 6.
    Harriet Lee, a student who was infected by Jane Prentiss.
    Jane Prentiss, a person of interest to the Magnus Institute who spreads a dangerous infection of worms.

Episode 7

    Clarence Berry, statement giver in episode 7.
    Wilfred Owen, soldier and famous poet.
    Joseph Rayner, dead soldier.

Episode 8

    Ivo Lensik, statement giver in episode 8.
    Sam, Ivo Lensik’s fiance.
    Raymond Fielding, or at least his ghost.
    Agnes Montague, mysterious child who stayed at Hill Top Road.
    Henry White, 5-year old who went missing.
    Edwin Burroughs, catholic priest and statement giver in episode 19 and 20.
    Anna Kasuma, nurse at John Radcliffe Hospital.
    Walter Fielding, Raymond Fielding’s granddad.
    Alfred Fielding, Raymond Fielding’s dad.

Episode 9

    Julia Montauk, statement giver in episode 9.
    Robert Montauk, serial killer and Julia Montauk's father.
    Ray Cowan, author of No Bodies in the Shed
    Rayner, connected to the People's Church of the Divine Host.
    Christopher Lorne, member of the Peoples’ Church of the Divine Host and murder victim.

Episode 10

    Trevor Herbert, statement giver in episode 10.
    Nigel Herbert, Trevor Herbert's brother.
    Sylvia McDonald, supposedly a vampire.
    Robert Arden, supposedly another vampire.
    Alard Dupont, not a vampire but a criminal.

Episodes 11-20

Episode 11

    Antonio Blake, statement giver in episode 11.
    Graham, Antonio Blake's ex.
    Anahita, friend of Antonio Blake.
    John Uzel, Antonio Blake's old line manager.
    Rosie, receptionist/assistant at the Magnus Institute.

Episode 12

    Lesere Saraki, statement giver in episode 12.
    Kayleigh Grice, doctor at St Thomas Hospital.
    Gerard Keay, one of two burn victims treated at the hospital, mentioned in episode 4.
    Unnamed burn victim, later revealed to be Diego Molina.

Episode 13

    Naomi Herne, statement giver in episode 13.
    Evan Lukas, Naomi Herne's fiance.
    Pastor David, Naomi Herne's old pastor.
    Michael Getty, involved in a vehicular collision with Naomi Herne.

Episode 14

    Lee Rentoul, statement giver in episode 14.
    Paul Noriega, murdered by Lee Rentoul.
    Toby McMullen, assaulted and badly hurt by Paul Noriega.
    Angela, mysterious lady with strange power.
    Mikaele Salesa, antiques dealer.

Episode 15

    Laura Popham, statement giver in episode 15.
    Aleana Sanderson, Laura Popham's sister.
    Alistair Popham, Laura Popham's husband.

Episode 16

    Carlos Vittery, statement giver in episode 16.
    Major Tom, Carlos Vittery's cat.

Episode 17

    Sebastian Adekoya, statement giver in episode 17.
    Jared Hopworth, Sebastian Adekoya's childhood friend.
    Ruth Weaver, librarian at Chiswick Library.
    Mrs. Hopworth, Jared Hopworth’s mother.
    Michael Crew, mentioned as returning the book to Chiswick Library

Episode 18

    Christof Rudenko, statement giver in episode 18.
    Dianne/Diana, old spinster who lives next door to Christof Rudenko.
    Toby Carlisle, Rudenko's upstairs neighbour who hammered bits of meat to every surface of his apartment.

Episode 19

    Edwin Burroughs, catholic priest and statement giver in episode 19.
    Father Harrogate, an old Augustinian exorcist.
    Father Singh, a priest at the Catholic chaplaincy in St Aldate’s.
    Bethany O’Connor, possessed student that Father Burroughs attempts to exorcise.
    Anne Willett, nurse at John Radcliffe hospital. Mentioned in episode 8 under a different name.

Episode 20

    Edwin Burroughs, catholic priest and statement giver in episode 20.
    Christopher Bilham, murdered student, found with his face removed.
    James Mann, murdered student, had his face partially eaten by Father Burroughs.

Episodes 21-30

Episode 21

    Moira Kelly, statement giver in episode 21.
    Robert Kelly, Moira Kelly's son, who has gone missing.
    Stephen Kelly, Moira Kelly's husband, deceased.
    Simon Fairchild, elderly man doing a tandem jump for charity in memory of his wife.
    Harriet Fairchild. Robert Kelly’s fellow skydiving instructor.
    Joseph Puce, farmer who finds an unopened parachute in his fields.

Episode 22

    Martin Blackwood, statement giver in episode 22.
    Yasir Kundi, owner of the building Carlos Vittery lived in.
    Jane Prentiss, previously mentioned in episode 6.

Episode 23

    Albrecht von Closen, statement giver in episode 23.
    Jonah Magnus, founder of the Magnus Institute.
    Wolfgang, acquaintance of Albrecht von Closen.
    Henrik, Albrecht von Closen's brother.
    Wilhelm von Closen, Albrecht von Closen’s nephew.
    Clara/Carla von Closen, Albrecht von Closen's wife.
    Johann von Württemberg, name on the mausoleum Albrecht von Closen finds.
    Hilda/Helga, serving girl at Wilhelm's estate.
    Tobias Kohler, old man in Schramberg who remembers the tomb of Johann von Württemberg.
    Hans Winkler, Tobias Kohler's childhood friend.
    Ulrich I or II, historical figure and potential father of Johann von Württemberg.
    Jan Moira, author of Cradle of Germany – Württemberg through the Centuries
    H.T. Moncreef, author of Grim Tales
    Rudolph Ziegler, servant at Wilhelm’s estate.
    Elsa, descendant of Wilhelm.
    Michael Keay, Elsa’s husband.

Episode 24

    Leanne Denikin, statement giver in episode 24.
    Joshua Drury, Leanne Denikin's partner.
    Nikolai Denikin, Leanne Denikin's grandfather.
    Mrs. Irene Harlow, Leanne Denikin's neighbour.
    Harold Silvana, briefly mentioned, statement giver in episode 35.
    Gregory Petry’, author of Freaks and Followers: Circuses in the 1940s.
    Gregor Orsinov, ringmaster of the Circus of the Other. Seen in an old photo from 1948.

Episode 25

    Mark Bilham, statement giver in episode 25.
    Katherine “Kathy” Harper, Mark Bilham's girlfriend.
    Natalie Ennis, Kathy’s roommate.
    Mr. Pitch, mentioned by Natalie Ennis.

Episode 26

    Sasha James, statement giver in episode 26.
    Robert Smirke, briefly mentioned, a 19th-century architect that Timothy Stoker is obsessed with.
    Michael, paranormal entity who leads Sasha James to Timothy Hodge (statement giver in episode 6).

Episode 27

    Paul McKenzie, statement giver in episode 27.
    Marcus McKenzie, Paul McKenzie's son.
    Diane, Paul McKenzie's wife, deceased.
    Sarah Carpenter, previous member of the research staff at the Magnus Institute.

Episode 28

    Melanie King, statement giver in episode 28.
    Andy Caine, co-host of Ghost Hunt UK.
    Peter Warhol, works sound for the show.
    Antonia “Toni” Farron, works the camera for the show.
    Georgie Barker, host of the “What The Ghost?” podcast.
    Sarah Baldwin, interim sound engineer for the show and previously mentioned episode 1.

Episode 29

    Nathaniel Thorp, statement giver in episode 29.
    Fiona Law, research assistant at the Magnus Institute.

Episode 30

    David Laylow, statement giver in episode 30.
    Tony Mulholland, David Laylow's ex-coworker.
    Tom Haan, David Laylow's coworker.
    Darren Lacey, builder contracted to work on AVA Meats' Dalston plant.

Episodes 31-40

Episode 31

    Lawrence Mortimer, statement giver in episode 31.
    Arden Neeli, friend of Lawrence Mortimer.

Episode 32

    Jane Prentiss, mentioned in episode 6, statement giver in episode 32.
    Arthur Nolan, Jane Prentiss’ landlord.

Episode 33

    Carlita Sloane, statement giver in episode 33.
    Josh Cole, student using Institute resources for a dissertation.
    Samantha Emery, student doing a PhD in manifestations.
    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra.
    Tadeas Dahl, first mate on the Tundra.
    Sean Kelly, crew member on the Tundra.
    Kim Duong, third mate on the Tundra.
    Nathaniel Lukas, owner of Solus Shipping PLC.

Episode 34

    Dr. Lionel Elliott, statement giver in episode 34.
    Elena Bower, admissions officer at King’s College, London.
    Erika Mustermann, unsettling student taking the Introduction to Human Anatomy and Physiology class.
    Jan Novak, unsettling student taking the Introduction to Human Anatomy and Physiology class.
    Piotr Petrov, unsettling student taking the Introduction to Human Anatomy and Physiology class.
    Pavel Petrov, unsettling student taking the Introduction to Human Anatomy and Physiology class.
    John Doe, unsettling student taking the Introduction to Human Anatomy and Physiology class.
    Fulan al-Fulani, unsettling student taking the Introduction to Human Anatomy and Physiology class.
    Juan Pérez, unsettling student taking the Introduction to Human Anatomy and Physiology class.
    Dr Laura Gill, colleague of Dr. Lionel Elliott.
    Dr. Rashid Sadana, taught the Anatomy, Physiology and Pathology for Complementary Therapies course at St Mary’s University.

Episode 35

    Harold Silvana, statement giver in episode 35, briefly mentioned in episode 24.
    Rachael Turley, coworker of Harold Silvana.
    Alfred Bartlett, coworker of Harold Silvana.
    Gerard Keay, young goth-looking man who steals a book, mentioned in episode 4 & 12.

Episode 36

    Nicole Baxter, statement giver in episode 36.
    William Gordon, deceased funeral director.
    George Baxter, uncle of Nicole Baxter.
    Josh Baxter, cousin of Nicole Baxter.
    Hannah Ramirez, previous director of Ivy Meadows Care Home.
    Alenka Kozel, nurse at Ivy Meadows Care Home.
    Bertrand Miller, resident at Ivy Meadows Care Home.
    John Amherst, the new director of Ivy Meadows Care Home.
    An old man with aMancunian accent and a tall, lean woman with a scar on her right eye.

Episode 37

    Jason North, statement giver in episode 37.
    Ethan North, Jason North's Son.
    Lucy North, Jason North's Wife.

Episode 38

    Andre Ramao, statement giver in episode 38.
    Mikaele Salesa, antiques dealer, fence mentioned in episode 14.
    Charlie Miller, previous Salesa customer.
    David, Andre's husband.

Episode 39

    Jane Prentiss, the Flesh Hive.
    Unnamed entity that attacks Sasha in the artefact storage.

Episode 40

    Elias Bouchard, statement giver in episode 40.
    Sasha James, statement giver in episode 40.
    Timothy Stoker, statement giver in episode 40.
    Martin Blackwood, statement giver in episode 40.

Episodes 41-50

Episode 41

    Jonathan Sims, statement giver in episode 41.
    Jeremy Bentham, initial designer of Millbank Prison.
    Robert Smirke, final designer of Millbank Prison.

Episode 42

    Jennifer Ling, statement giver in episode 42.
    Alfred Grifter, frontman of Grifter's Bone.
    Tommy Moncreef, Jennifer Ling's boss at Earful.
    Mike Baker, coworker.
    Lee Kipple, submission editor at Earful.
    Albert Sans, man in silk robe allegedly seen at the Dean Street Jazz Club.
    Agatha Norwell, neighbour and victim of Jennifer Ling.

Episode 43

    Police Constable Basira Hussain, statement giver in episode 43.
    Richard Carver, Section 31 Constable.
    John Spencer, Police Constable.
    Diego Molina, arsonist, burn victim in episode 12.
    Alice “Daisy” Tonner, Section 31 officer, Basira’s partner.
    Sergeant Harry Altman, Section 31 officer.

Episode 44

    Gertrude Robinson, previous Head Archivist.
    Yuri Utkin, statement giver in episode 44.
    Piotr, friend of Yuri. 
    Ivan Utkin, Yuri’s brother.
    Gregor Orsinov, ringmaster of the Circus of the Other.
    Nikolai Denikin, organist for the Circus of the Other, grandfather of Leanne Denikin in episode 24.

Episode 45

    Thomas Neill, statement giver in episode 45.
    Dr. Neil Thompson, head researcher.
    John Snow, 19th-century physician, alleged original owner of Neil Thompson’s syringe.
    George Larson, research assistant.
    Mikaele Salesa, antiques dealer from episode 38.

Episode 46

    Herbert Knox, statement giver in episode 46
    Michael Crew, purchaser of Ex Altiora, Dominic's friend in episode 4
    Jurgen Leitner, book collector
    Kirstin Bowman, Herbert Knox's friend

Episode 47

    Helen Richardson, statement giver in episode 47
    Mr. and Mrs. Adrian Lombardi, potential buyers of the St. Albans Ave house
    Michael, strange being, subject of Sasha’s statement in episode 26
    Sasha James (?), archival assistant

Episode 48

    Andrea Nunis, statement giver in episode 48
    Ethan Taylor, fellow traveller
    Gerard Keay, local goth, previously appeared in Ep. 4, Ep. 12 and Ep. 35

Episode 49

    Gregory Pryor, statement giver in episode 49
    Nicola Laredo, wife of Hector Laredo
    Hector Laredo, husband of Nicola Laredo
    Jared Hopworth, the Boneturner, previously in Ep. 17
    Harry Gough, owner of butcher shop
    James Wright, previous Head of the Magnus Institute 

Episode 50

    Sampson Kempthorne, statement giver in episode 50
    George Gilbert Scott, architect
    Marianne Kempthorne, wife of Sampson Kempthorne
    Henry Roberts, architect that trained under Robert Smirke
    Robert Smirke, 19th-century architect, mentioned in Ep. 26 and Ep. 41
    William Bonython Moffatt, builder

Episodes 51-60

Episode 51

    Antonia Haley, statement giver in episode 51
    Morten Kemp, captain of the salvage crew
    Simon Fairchild, old man in episode 21
    Julio Hernandez, diver
    Sasha James (?), archival assistant

Episode 52

    Phillip Brown, statement giver in episode 52
    Robert Montauk, serial killer from episode 9
    Ivan Ilich, prisoner at Wakefield Prison
    Dave Harrington, prison guard at Wakefield Prison
    Basira Hussain, Section 31 Police Constable
    Peter Gordo, warden at Wakefield Prison
    Maxwell Rayner, Robert Montauk's visitor and assumed caller in Ep. 9
    Caroline Brodie, Phillip Brown's ex-wife

Episode 53

    Sergeant Walter Heller, statement giver in episode 53
    Gertrude Robinson, previous head archivist
    Frances Heller, Walter's brother
    Frank Malloy, command of tank crew
    Ralph McCulloch, driver of tank crew
    Dicky, loader of tank crew

Episode 54

    Alexander Scaplehorn, statement giver in episode 54
    Daniel Rawlings, owner of the Trophy Room
    Breekon & Hope, delivery drivers

Episode 55

    Jordan Kennedy, statement giver in episode 55
    Laura Star, neighbour who called Jordan Kennedy
    Jane Prentiss, the Flesh Hive, deceased
    Arthur Nolan, Jane Prentiss' landlord
    John Amherst, owner of the ant-filled house, burned by Jordan Kennedy, ran Ivy Meadows in ep.36

Episode 56

    Trevor Herbert, statement giver in episode 56 and episode 10
    Sylvia Macdonald, first vampire Trevor killed
    Alard Dupont, man killed by Trevor
    "Stanley Kubrick", friend of Trevor's at the homeless shelter
    Hannah Edwards, vampire killed by Trevor
    Jane Lewis, vampire killed by Trevor
    Craig, man at homeless shelter

Episode 57

    Carter Chilcott, statement giver in episode 57
    Jan Kilbride, crew member of the Daedalus
    Manuela Dominguez, crew member of the Daedalus
    Conrad Lukas, head of the isolation project on the Daedalus
    Nathaniel Lukas, invest in the Daedalus project
    Sasha James (?), archival assistant
    Tom, Sasha's Boyfriend

Episode 58

    Mrs. Carlisle, statement giver in episode 58
    Benjamin Carlisle, husband of statement giver
    Eustace Wick, cannibalistic guide 
    Adam Hawthorne
    Bruce, manager of Fort John
    Horatio Wick, ex-Lutheran preacher

Episode 59

    Ronald Sinclair, statement giver in episode 59
    Raymond Fielding, owner of the house on Hill Top Rd, Ghost in episode 8
    Dick Barrowdale, child who lived on Hill Top Rd.
    Mr. Hainsley, neighbour that Ronald and Dick pranked
    Agnes Montague, child who lived on Hill Top Rd.
    Doris Hardy, child who lived on Hill Top Rd.
    Greg Montgomery, child who lived on Hill Top Rd.

Episode 60

    Rosa Meyer, statement giver in episode 60
    Christopher Meyer, Rosa's brother
    Angus Cartwright, colleague of Christopher Meyer
    Danilo Costich, man killed by Rosa

Episodes 61-70

Episode 61

    Detective Alice "Daisy" Tonner, statement giver in episode 61
    Isaac Master, police officer
    Breekon & Hope, delivery drivers
    Tom, delivery truck driver

Episode 62

    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Mary Keay, statement giver in episode 62
    Jurgen Leitner, collector of cursed books
    Dr. Margaret Tellison, owner of GP office
    Eric

Episode 63

    Erin Gallagher-Nelson, statement giver in episode 63
    Luke Nelson, Erin's brother-in-law
    Steph, Erin's wife
    Robert Smirke, architect of Church of St. James, previous statements include ep. 26, ep. 35, ep. 41, and ep. 50
    Melanie King, host of "Ghost Hunt UK"
    Diana, runs the Magnus Institute library
    Georgie Barker, host of the podcast "What the Ghost?"

Episode 64

    Donna Gwynne, statement giver in episode 64
    Stavo, Donna's boss
    Grigori, geologist
    Norman, connection to antique dealers
    Barry and Paul, the "muscle"
    Basira Hussain, Section 31 Police Constable

Episode 65

    Tessa Winters, statement giver in episode 65
    Sergey Ushanka, programmer who supposedly uploaded his brain

Episode 66

    Vincent Yang, statement giver in episode 66
    Mikaele Salesa, dealer of strange antiques/objects from ep. 38 and ep. 45
    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra, mentioned in ep. 33
    John Ruskin, author of "The Seven Lamps of Architecture"

Episode 67

    Jack Barnabas, statement giver in episode 67
    Agnes Montague, woman Jack shortly dated and mysterious child from ep. 8 and ep. 59
    Deliah Aconjo, Jack's coworker at Canyon Cafe
    Diego Molina, bald chanting guy and burn victim in ep. 31
    Arthur Nolan, Jane Prentiss' landlord, mentioned in ep.32 and ep.55
    Jason North, discovered ritual circle in ep.37

Episode 68

    Joseph Russo, statement giver in episode 68
    Sir Frederick Treves, author of The Tale of a Field Hospital
    Gus/Al, runs the dump visited by Joseph, sold him the book
    Joseph Merrick, the Elephant Man and friend of Sir Frederick Treves
    Private John(?) Amherst, man who dies several times over in The Tale of a Field Hospital, ran Ivy Meadows in ep. 36 and was burned alive in ep. 55
    Jeffery Amherst, the baronet who gave smallpox blankets to Native Americans
    Sasha James (?), archival assistant

Episode 69

    Darren Harlow, statement giver in episode 69
    Dr. Elizabeth Bates, psychology professor at the University of Surrey
    Annabelle Cane, subject of the ESP experiment
    Laura, Darren's coworker(?)
    Mark Voight, researcher

Episode 70

    Masato Murray, statement giver in episode 70
    Philip Doah, "friend" of Masato
    Julian, victim in book
    Christopher, victim in book
    Alexander Willard, victim in book
    John Kendrick, friend of Masato

Episodes 71-80

Episode 71

    Karolina Górka, statement giver in episode 71
    Andrew Barnet, Karolina's colleague
    Leanne Hiliard, Karolina's friend
    Mark Hiliard, Leanne's husband
    Tamara Simpkin, Karolina's housemate
    Nicholas Lekman, man who disappeared on "the night tube"

Episode 72

    Craig Goodall, statement giver in episode 72
    Han Yong/John Haan, owner of "Waltham Express Grill"
    Lanying Haan, John's wife
    Leroy Yates, Craig's friend
    Haan Tao/Tom Haan, John's nephew.

Episode 73

    Basira Hussain, statement giver in episode 73
    Leo Altman, section 31 offiicer
    Callum Brodie, child kidnapped by Maxwell Rayner
    Alice "Daisy" Tonner, Basira's Partner
    Maxwell Rayner, leader of The People's Church of the Divine Host from ep. 9 and ep. 52
    Officer Goodman
    Natalie Ennis, killed Leo Altman, Kathy's roommate in ep. 25

Episode 74

    Lydia Halligan, statement giver in episode 74
    Michael, strange being from ep. 26 and ep. 47
    Vanessa, waitress at "Nighthawks at the Diner"

Episode 75

    Stephen Walker, statement giver in episode 75
    Grant Walker, Stephen's brother
    Jim Hancock, the Walker brothers' neighbour
    Carly, Stephen's ex-girlfriend
    Michael Crew, the man with the lightning scar from ep. 4 and ep. 46
    Robert Kelly, subject of statement in ep. 21

Episode 76

    Melanie King, statement giver in episode 76
    Sarah Baldwin, being from ep. 28
    Toni, Melanie's friend and member of "Ghost Hunt UK"
    Pete, Melanie's friend and member of "Ghost Hunt UK"
    Andy, Melanie's friend and member of "Ghost Hunt UK"
    William W. Hay, occultist

Episode 77

    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Lucy Cooper, statement giver in episode 77
    Rose Cooper, Lucy's "mother"
    George Cooper, Lucy's father
    Laurence, Lucy's fiance
    Tom Harrison, the Coopers' neighbour
    Joanne Fisher, the Coopers' neighbour
    Neil Angus, vicar at the Church of St. Peter's
    Adelard Dekker

Episode 78

    Lawrence Moore, statement giver in episode 78
    Carl Moore, Lawrence's cousin
    Adam Moore, Lawrence's brother
    Adelard Dekker, "exorcist"
    Michael, strange being from ep. 26, ep. 47 and ep. 74

Episode 79

    Not-Sasha
    Michael

Episode 80

    Jurgen Leitner, statement giver in episode 80
    John Ruskin, author of "The Seven Lamps of Architecture"
    Robert Smirke, 19th-century architect
    Jacob Feng, Leitner Assistant
    Gerard Keay, beat up Leitner, appeared in ep. 4, ep. 12 and ep. 35
    Desmond Lorell, first told Leitner about the books
    Thomas McMann, Leitner Assistant
    Mary Johnson, Leitner Assistant
    Gregory Todd, Leitner Assistant
    Leandra Toulouse, Leitner Assistant
    Michael, The Distortion
    Domingo, Leitner Assistant

Episodes 81-90

Episode 81

    Jonathan Sims, statement giver in episode 81
    Jurgen Leitner, collector of cursed books
    Thomas/Daniel/Michael, John's childhood bully
    Georgie Barker, John's friend/roommate and host of "What the Ghost?"

Episode 82

    Alice "Daisy" Tonner, Section 31 Detective
    Martin Blackwood, statement giver in episode 82
    Tim Stoker, statement giver in episode 82
    Elias Bouchard, statement giver in episode 82
    Calvin Benchley, Daisy's childhood best friend and first murder

Episode 83

    Chloe Ashburt, statement giver in episode 83
    Lana Billings, line manager at Fanton's
    Jan, Chloe's coworker at Fanton's
    Liam, Chloe's coworker at Fanton's
    Breekon & Hope, delivery men

Episode 84

    Adrian Weiss, statement giver in episode 84
    Gordan Goodman, Adrian's childhood friend
    Margaret "Maggie" Carnegie, local hoarder
    Davey Morgan, Adrian's elementary classmate

Episode 85

    William Hughes Mearns, real-life poet of "Antigonish"
    Eric Delano, former archival assistant

Episode 86

    Benjamin Hatendi, statement giver in episode 86
    Robin Patton, friend of Benjamin

Episode 87

    Sebastian Skinner, statement giver in episode 87
    Megan, woman who called Sebastian, previously in episode 1
    Nikola Orsinov
    Jude Perry, Avatar of the Desolation

Episode 88

    Enrique MacMillan, statement giver in episode 88
    Sonja, runs Artefact Storage at the Magnus Institute

Episode 89

    Jude Perry, statement giver in episode 89
    Agnes Montague, Avatar of the Desolation
    Sandy, follower of the Lightless Flame
    Nicholas Tregenza, colleague and victim of Jude Perry
    Julie Tregenza, Nicholas' wife
    Desmond Tregenza, Nicholas's son
    Gretchen, Jude Perry's ex-girlfriend

Episode 90

    Ross Davenport, statement giver in episode 90
    Matt, owner of Ross's old gym
    Jared "J" Hopworth, owner of the gym
    Marie Balandin, gym member

Episodes 91-100

Episode 91

    Michael "Mike" Crew, statement giver in episode 91
    Alice "Daisy" Tonner, Section 31 Detective and Basira's partner
    Basira Hussain, Section 31 Constable and Daisy's partner

Episode 92

    Chief Inspector Kaugery
    Barnabas Bennett, statement giver in episode 92
    Jonah Magnus, founder of the Magnus Institute
    Mordechai Lukas, Jonah Magnus's friend
    Rosie, Magnus Institute Secretary

Episode 93

    Lester Chang, statement giver in episode 93
    The Admiral, Georgie's cat
    Danielle "Dani" Chang, Lester's wife
    Greg Russell, Lester's father-in-law
    Sandra Russell, Lester's mother-in-law
    Breekon & Hope, Aspects of the Stranger

Episode 94

    Georgina "Georgie" Barker, statement giver in episode 94
    Alex Brooke, Georgie's friend and medical student at Corpus Christi

Episode 95

    Luca Moretti, statement giver in episode 95
    Antonio Cannavar, Luca's friend

Episode 96

    Alfred Breekon, statement giver in episode 96
    Breekon & Hope, Aspects of the Stranger and alleged delivery men
    Sarah Baldwin, runs the Trophy Room, previously in ep. 1 and ep. 28
    Daniel Rawlings, previous owner of the trophy room, previously from ep. 1 and ep. 54

Episode 97

    Jackson Ellis, statement giver in episode 97
    Thomas "Tommy" Krycek, Jackson's roommate
    Nikola Orsinov, Avatar of the Stranger

Episode 98

    Dr. Algernon Moss, statement giver in episode 98
    Maxwell Rayner, leader of The People's Church of the Divine Host
    John Franklin, explorer and captain of the HMS Terror
    John Heyrick Macaulay, headmaster at Repton School
    George Denman, Algernon's childhood friend
    [E. T. A.] Hoffmann, author of "Der Sandmann"
    The Sandman, monster of the Dark

Episode 99

    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Robert E. Geiger, statement giver in episode 99
    Stefan Brotchen, victim
    Harry Eisenhard, photographer
    Michael Shelley, former archival assistant
    Mr. Vargas, previous statement giver
    Jan Kilbride, suspected affiliate of the Vast
    Breekon and Hope, aspects of the Stranger

Episode 100

    Lynne Hammond, statement giver in episode 100
    "John Smith", statement giver in episode 100
    "Jeremy", "John Smith's" friend
    Robin "Rob" Lennox, statement giver in episode 100
    Jackie, Rob's dog
    Brian Finlinson, statement giver in episode 100
    "Gav", Lynne's friend
    Peter Lukas

Episodes 101-110

Episode 101

    Nikola Orsinov, Avatar of the Stranger
    Breekon & Hope, Aspects of the Stranger
    Michael, statement giver in episode 101
    Michael Shelley, former archival assistant
    Ryan, Michael Shelley's childhood friend
    Peter Lukas, Avatar of the Lonely
    Helen Richardson, statement giver in ep. 47

Episode 102

    François Deschamps, statement giver in episode 102
    Benoît Maçon, François's Colleague
    Lucille, manager at Le Papillon Blanc
    Martin Blackwood, archival assistant
    Hannah, librarian at the Magnus Institute

Episode 103

    Dylan Anderson, statement giver in episode 103
    Melinda, Dylan's cousin
    Toby, one of Dylan's pigs
    Kurt Anderson, Dylan's brother
    Angus Dale, member of the Carley Brother's circus
    Mason, Dylan's Friend
    Alice "Daisy" Tonner, Section 31 Detective 

Episode 104

    Martin Blackwood, archival assistant
    Eduardo Acosta, statement giver
    Leanne Denikin, statement giver in ep. 24
    Tim Stoker , statement giver in episode 104
    Danny Stoker, Tim's brother
    Abigail "Abby" Ellison, Tim and Danny's friend
    Robert Smirke, 19th-century architect
    Joseph "Joey" Grimaldi, Victorian clown
    Elias Bouchard, head of the Magnus Institute

Episode 105

    Zhang Xiaoling, librarian at the Pu Songling Research Center
    Second Lieutenant Charles Fleming, statement giver in episode 105
    William Hall, captain of the Nemesis

Episode 106

    Melanie King, archival assistant
    Jan Kilbride, statement giver in episode 106 , previously mentioned in ep. 99
    Simon Fairchild, Avatar of the Vast, previously mentioned in ep. 21 and ep. 51
    Manuela Dominguez, researcher on the Daedalus, previously mentioned in ep. 57
    Carter Chilcott, experiment subject on the Daedalus, statement giver in ep. 57
    Basira Hussain, archival assistant
    Elias Bouchard, head of the Magnus Institute
    Georgie Barker, host of the podcast “What The Ghost?”

Episode 107

    Louis Brown, nurse at UPMC
    Jay Rebecks, American police officer
    Howard Ewing, statement giver in episode 107
    Kelly Dwyer, Howard's coworker
    Vihan Prasad, Howard's coworker
    Julia Montauk, Hunter, statement giver in ep. 9
    Officer Mustermann, alleged police officer
    Trevor Herbert, Hunter, statement giver in ep. 10 and ep. 56

Episode 108

    Martin Blackwood, archival assistant
    Adonis Biros, statement giver in episode 108
    David Austin, director
    Patrick Dunlevy, actor
    Peter Lukas, Avatar of the Lonely
    Basira Hussain, archival assistant
    Natalie Ennis, follower of the Dark, previously in ep. 25 and ep. 73
    Edmond Halley, IRL astronomer
    John Flamsteed, IRL astronomer

Episode 109

    Trevor Herbert, statement giver in episode 109
    Julia Montauk, statement giver in episode 109
    Vardhan Darvish, manager at DKN Systems
    Old Davey, friend of Trevor's
    Officer Mustermann, alleged police officer

Episode 110

    Martin Blackwood, archival assistant
    Alexia Crawley, statement giver in episode 110
    Dexter Banks, director
    Debbie Connor, casting director
    Neil Lagorio, practical effects creator
    Brandon Omar, actor in Widow's Weave
    Chadwick Frazier, actor in Widow's Weave
    Basira Hussain, archival assistant
    Melanie King, archival assistant

Episodes 111-120

Episode 111

    Gerard Keay, statement giver in episode 111
    Mary Keay, Gerard’s mother
    Julia Montauk, statement giver in ep. 9
    Trevor Herbert, statement giver in ep. 10 and ep. 56
    Jan Kelly, alias of Gertrude Robinson
    The Lukas family, rich family connected to the Lonely
    The Fairchilds, rich family connected to the Vast
    Von Closen, noble house from ep. 23
    Jonah Magnus, founder of the Magnus Institute
    Jurgen Leitner, Norwegian book collector
    John Flamsteed, 17th-century astronomer
    Robert Smirke, 19th-century architect, frequently mentioned
    Max Mustermann, connected to medical students from ep. 34

Episode 112

    Lisa Carmel, statement giver in episode 112
    Lizzie Borden, famous suspected murderer from the 19th-century
    Tillie Klimek, early 20th-century serial killer
    Jamie Sanders, Murder Club member
    Ananya Kaleka, Murder Club member
    Evelyn, Murder Club member
    Andrew Cochrane, Murder Club member
    Debbie Truss, Murder Club member
    Matis, Lisa Carmel’s flatmate
    Elias Bouchard, head of the Magnus Institute

Episode 113

    Adelard Dekker, statement giver in episode 113
    Trevor Herbert, statement giver in ep. 10 and ep. 56
    Dr. Lionel Elliott, statement giver in ep. 34
    Justin Gough, avatar of the End
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Elias Bouchard, head of the Magnus Institute
    Bianca, Coroner friend of Adelard Dekker
    Gerard Keay, goth-looking man, frequently mentioned

Episode 114

    Anya Villette, statement giver in episode 114
    Elias Bouchard, head of the Magnus Institute
    George Icarus, name on grave that got robbed
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist

Episode 115

    Mikaele Salesa, statement giver in episode 115
    Jurgen Leitner, Norwegian collector of paranormal books
    Warren, old co-worker of Salesa
    “Cook”, cook aboard Salesa’s ship
    Leigh, Salesa’s quartermaster
    Elias Bouchard, head of the Magnus Institute
    Helen, entity from ep. 101
    Michael, the Distortion

Episode 116

    Abraham Janssen, statement giver in episode 116
    Elias Bouchard, head of the Magnus Institute
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Wolfgang von Kempelen, creator of the Mechanical Turk
    François-André Danican Philidor, 18th-century chess master
    Lanthorn, acquaintance of Abraham Janssen
    Empress Maria Theresa, 18th-century Habsburg empress

Episode 117

    Jonathan Sims, statement giver in episode 117
    Alice "Daisy" Tonner, statement giver in episode 117
    Basira Hussain, statement giver in episode 117
    Timothy Stoker, statement giver in episode 117
    Melanie King, statement giver in episode 117
    Martin Blackwood, statement giver in episode 117
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Elias Bouchard, head of the Magnus Institute
    Georgie Barker, host of the “What The Ghost?” podcast
    George Icarus, alias of Jurgen Leitner
    Maxwell Rayner, leader of The People's Church of the Divine Host
    Gerard Keay, goth-looking man, frequently mentioned

Episode 118

    Ivo Lensik, statement giver in ep. 8
    Harold Silvana, statement giver in ep. 35
    Dylan Anderson, statement giver in ep. 103
    Benjamin Hatendi, statement giver in ep. 86
    Albrecht von Closen, statement giver in ep. 23
    Elias Bouchard, head of the Magnus Institute
    Jane Prentiss, worm lady
    Nikola Orsinov, avatar of the Stranger

Episode 119

    Nikola Orsinov, avatar of the Stranger
    Sarah Baldwin, being from ep. 28
    Daniel Rawlings, previous owner of the trophy room
    Breekon & Hope, cockney delivery men
    Joseph Grimaldi, famous actor and comedian from the late 18th-century
    Gregor Orsinov, ringmaster of the Circus of the Other

Episode 120

    Elias Bouchard, statement giver in episode 120
    Henderson, chief inspector at the Metropolitan police
    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra

Episodes 121-130

Episode 121

    Oliver Banks, statement giver in episode 121, used the name Antonio Blake in ep. 11
    Dr. Thomas Pritchard, chemist and motorcyclist
    Captain MacAvey, captain of the ship
    Clara, senior marine biologist
    Georgie Barker, host of the “What The Ghost?” podcast

Episode 122

    Lorell St. John, statement giver in episode 122
    Georgie Barker, host of the “What The Ghost?” podcast
    Danielle, housemate of Lorell
    Liam, housemate of Lorell
    Norma, colleague of Lorell
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Elias Bouchard, head of the Magnus Institute
    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra

Episode 123

    Angie Santos, statement giver in episode 123
    Gregory Cox, web developer
    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Carlos Vittery, statement giver in ep. 16

Episode 124

    Julian Jennings, statement giver in episode 124
    Otto Hessler, cable car driver
    Simon Fairchild, old man from ep. 21 and 51
    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra

Episode 125

    Sergeant Terrence Simpson, statement giver in episode 125
    Callum McKenzie, pub owner in Lancraig
    Constable Carla Ross, Terrance's partner
    Angus Stewart, resident of Lancraig

Episode 126

    Debra Madaki, statement giver in episode 126
    Gabriel, fellow participant in sculpting class
    Jenny, organiser of local community centre
    George, friend of Debra
    Rosa, friend of Debra
    Mary Randall, fellow participant in sculpting class
    Bill, fellow participant in sculpting class
    Ray Quintin, sculpting class teacher
    Desmond, acquaintance of Debra
    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra
    Adelard Dekker, acquaintance and occasional co-worker of Gertrude Robinson

Episode 127

    Dr. Jonathan Fanshawe, statement giver in episode 127
    Albrecht von Closen, statement giver in ep. 23
    Jonah Magnus, founder of the Magnus Institute
    Carla, Albrecht's wife, deceased
    Greta, Albrecht's housekeeper
    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra
    Elias Bouchard, head of the Magnus Institute

Episode 128

    Breekon, statement giver in episode 128
    Alfred Breekon, statement giver in ep. 96
    Nikola Orsinov, avatar of the Stranger
    Jack, dead sailor
    Gregor Orsinov, ringmaster of the Circus of the Other
    Joseph Grimaldi, famous actor and comedian from the late 18th-century

Episode 129

    Kulbir Shakya, statement giver in episode 129
    Gertrude Robinson, former head archivist
    Jan Kilbride, statement giver in ep. 106

Episode 130

    Lucia Wright, statement giver in episode 130
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Tom Haan, truck driver and Avatar of The Flesh.
    Toby Carlisle, upstairs neighbour from ep. 18
    Adelard Dekker, acquaintance and occasional co-worker of Gertrude Robinson

Episodes 131-140

Episode 131

    Jared Hopworth, statement giver in episode 131
    Helen, entity from ep. 101
    Sebastian Adekoya, statement giver in ep. 17
    Regan Hasnain, victim of the Boneturner

Episode 132

    Alice "Daisy" Tonner, statement giver in episode 132

Episode 133

    Percy Fawcett, statement giver in episode 133
    João da Silva Guimarães, wrote an account of the lost city of Z in 1753
    Jack Fawcett, Percy’s son
    Raleigh Rimell, friend of Jack's
    John Franklin, famed polar explorer
    Eduard von Toll, famed polar explorer who went missing when searching for Sannikov Land

Episode 134

    Adelard Dekker, statement giver in episode 134
    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Bernadette Delcour, works at the Faculté de Théologie, in the University of Lyon
    Garland Hillier, member of the Millerite movement during the early 1840s.
    William Miller, leader of the Millerite movement
    Monsieur Pinard, acquaintance of Bernadette Delcour

Episode 135

    Manuela Dominguez, statement giver in episode 135
    Maxwell Rayner, leader of the Cult of the Lightless Flame
    The Lukas Family, rich family that co-funded the Daedalus
    The Fairchilds, rich family that co-funded the Daedalus
    Jan Kilbride, statement giver in ep. 106
    Carter Chilcott, statement giver in ep. 57
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Vardhan Darvish, manager at DKN from ep. 109

Episode 136

    Alison Killala, statement giver in episode 136
    Neil Lagorio, famous special effects artist
    Gabe, Neil’s ex-partner
    John Carpenter, an American filmmaker
    Annabelle Cane, subject of ESP experiment in ep. 69
    Melanie's therapist

Episode 137

    Wallis Turner, statement giver in episode 137
    Leonard Holden, fellow POW
    Milton, fellow POW
    Adelard Dekker, acquaintance and occasional co-worker of Gertrude Robinson
    Gerard Keay, goth-looking man, frequently mentioned
    Eric Delano, former Archival Assistant
    Elias Bouchard, current head of the Magnus Institute
    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Mary Keay, owner of Pinhole Books and statement giver in ep. 62

Episode 138

    Robert Smirke, statement giver in episode 138
    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra
    Elias Bouchard, current head of the Magnus Institute
    Jonah Magnus, founder of the Magnus Institute
    Mr. Rayner, possibly Maxwell
    Mordechai Lukas, acquaintance of Jonah Magnus and Robert Smirke
    George Gilbert Scott, prolific architect in the 19th-century
    Alexander Cunningham, archaeologist
    Laura Smirke, Robert’s daughter

Episode 139

    Eugene Vanderstock, statement giver in episode 139
    Agnes Montague, woman Jack Barnabas shortly dated and mysterious child from ep. 8 and ep. 59
    Arthur Nolan, Jane Prentiss’ landlord
    Glenn Dunlop, Eugene's childhood friend
    Diego Molina, arsonist, Burn victim in ep. 12
    Eileen Montague, Agnes' mother
    Raymond Fielding, owner of the house on Hill Top Road
    Jude Perry, statement giver in ep. 89
    Elias Bouchard, head of the Magnus Institute
    Jack Barnabas, statement giver in ep. 67
    Helen, entity from ep. 101
    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra

Episode 140

    John Flamsteed, statement giver in episode 140
    Maxwell Rayner, leader of The People’s Church of the Divine Host
    Edmund Halley, astronomer, called Reimer by Flamsteed
    Abraham Sharp, receives letter from Flamsteed
    Isaac Newton, famous scientist
    Nicolaus Reimer, 16th-century astronomer, supposedly plagiarised Tycho Brahe’s work
    Tycho Brahe, 16th-century astronomer
    Miss Peterson, Basira's year eight PE teacher
    Elias Bouchard, head of the Magnus Institute

Episodes 141-150

Episode 141

    Floyd Matharu, statement giver in episode 141, worked with Salesa
    Mikaele Salesa, dealer of strange antiques/objects from ep. 38 and ep. 45
    Gaultier, captain of the Dorian
    Jésus, former crew on the Dorian, deceased
    Gantulga, crew on the Dorian, deceased
    Dantez, crew on the Dorian
    Christoph, crew on the Dorian, deceased
    Adreas, crew on the Dorian, deceased
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist

Episode 142

    Jess Tyrell, statement giver in episode 142
    Abby, one of the work crew at one of her old jobs
    Grant or Gareth or Gary or Gavin, Jess' date
    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra

Episode 143

    Manuela Dominguez, statement giver in episode 143
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Maxwell Rayner, leader of The People’s Church of the Divine Host
    Natalie Ennis, Katherine Harper’s roommate in ep. 25
    Linette, Julia Montauk’s mother
    Robert Montauk, serial killer from ep. 9
    Vardhan Darvish, manager at DKN from ep. 109
    Helen, entity from ep. 101

Episode 144

    Gary Boylan, statement giver in episode 144
    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra
    Mrs. Whitshore, Gary Boylan’s neighbour
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist

Episode 145

    Arthur Nolan, statement giver in episode 145
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Agnes Montague, mysterious child who stayed at Hill Top Road
    Eugene Vanderstock, statement giver in ep. 139
    Fielding, previous owner of Hill Top Road
    Diego Molina, arsonist, burn victim in ep. 12
    Roger, cult member
    Jude Perry, statement giver in ep. 89
    Jack Barnabas, statement giver in ep. 67
    Georgie Barker, host of the “What The Ghost?” podcast

Episode 146

    Marcus McKenzie, statement giver in episode 146
    Luke, friend of Marcus McKenzie
    Sandra, friend of Marcus McKenzie
    Helen, entity from ep. 101
    Floyd Matharu, statement giver in ep. 141
    Jess Tyrell, statement giver in ep. 142
    Annabelle Cane, subject of ESP experiment in ep. 69

Episode 147

    Annabelle Cane, statement giver in episode 147
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Lizzie Cane, Annabelle’s sister

Episode 148

    Sunil Maraj, statement giver in episode 148
    Samson Stiller, co-corker of Sunil Maraj
    Dave, another co-worker
    Elias Bouchard, current head of the Magnus Institute
    Annabelle Cane, subject of ESP experiment in ep. 69

Episode 149

    Judith O’Neill, statement giver in episode 149
    Fernanda Mikado, co-worker of Judith O’Neill
    Dr. Nikos Anastos, climate scientist
    Adelard Dekker, acquaintance and occasional co-worker of Gertrude Robinson
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Georgie Barker, host of the podcast "What the Ghost?"

Episode 150

    Herman Gorgoli, statement giver in episode 150
    Alberto, his ex-boyfriend
    Yotunde Uthman, dead woman

Episodes 151-160

Episode 151

    Simon Fairchild, statement giver in episode 151
    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra
    Harley, old acquaintance of Simon
    Tintoretto, 16th-century painter

Episode 152

    Hezekiah Wakely, statement giver in episode 152
    Nathaniel Beale, friend of Hezekiah Wakely
    Nellie Cooper, child who was almost buried alive
    Dr. Grant, local doctor
    Jacob, local baker
    Manuela Dominguez, crewmember of the Daedalus from ep. 57
    Jane Prentiss, worm lady
    Helen, entity from ep. 101

Episode 153

    Barbara Mullen-Jones, statement giver in episode 153
    Joyce, meditation course leader
    Arnold, chef at the compound of The Divine Chains
    Claude Vilakazi, leader of The Divine Chains
    Agape, stray dog
    Mary, cult member
    Trevor Herbert, statement giver in ep. 10 and 56
    Julia Montauk, statement giver in ep. 9
    Gerard Keay, goth-looking man, frequently mentioned

Episode 154

    Eric Delano, statement giver in episode 154
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Mary Keay, statement giver in ep. 62
    Gerard Keay, goth-looking man, frequently mentioned
    James Wright, previous head of the Magnus Institute
    Elias Bouchard, current head of the Magnus Institute
    Michael Shelley, assistant to Gertrude Robinson
    Emma, assistant to Gertrude Robinson
    Adelard Dekker, acquaintance and occasional co-worker of Gertrude Robinson

Episode 155

    Tova McHugh, statement giver in episode 155
    Annabelle Cane, subject of ESP experiment in ep. 69
    Daven, Tova McHugh’s husband

Episode 156

    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra
    Adelard Dekker, acquaintance and occasional co-worker of Gertrude Robinson
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist

Episode 157

    Adelard Dekker, statement giver in episode 157
    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra
    Annabelle Cane, subject of ESP experiment in ep. 69
    Christabel, employee at the ECDC
    John Amherst, director Ivy Meadows in ep. 36, mentioned in ep. 55
    Mr Becker, resident of Klanxbüll, Germany
    Georgie Barker, host of the “What The Ghost?” podcast
    Helen, statement giver in ep. 47

Episode 158

    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra
    Jurgen leitner, collector of paranormal books
    Sasha James (?), Archival assistant
    Robert Smirke, 19th-century architect, frequently mentioned
    Jonah Magnus, founder of the Magnus Institute
    Annabelle Cane, subject of ESP experiment in ep. 69
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Maxwell Rayner, connected to the People’s Church of the Divine Host, frequently mentioned
    Trevor Herbert, statement giver in ep. 56 and 10
    Julia Montauk, statement giver in ep. 9

Episode 159

    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra
    Aaron Lukas, Peter’s brother
    Judith Lukas, Peter’s sister
    James Wright, previous head of the Magnus Institute
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Simon Fairchild, old man first mentioned in ep. 21
    Mikaele Salesa, dealer of strange antiques and objects
    Maxwell Rayner, connected to the People’s Church of the Divine Host, frequently mentioned
    Adelard Dekker, has been known to work with Gertrude Robinson

Episode 160

    Hazel Rutter, statement giver in episode 160
    Jonah Magnus, founder of the Magnus Institute
    Robert Smirke, 19th-century architect, frequently mentioned
    George Gilbert Scott, mentioned in ep. 50
    Maxwell Rayner, connected to the People’s Church of the Divine Host, frequently mentioned
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Jane Prentiss, worm lady first mentioned in ep. 6
    Sasha James (?), archival assistant
    Jurgen Leitner, collector of paranormal books
    Michael Crew, man with Lichtenberg scar first mentioned in ep. 4
    Jared Hopworth, the Boneturner, first mentioned in ep. 17
    Peter Lukas, captain of the Tundra
    Helen Richardson, statement giver in ep. 47

Episodes 161-170

Episode 161

    Sasha James, archival assistant
    Timothy Stoker, archival assistant
    Martin Blackwood, archival assistant
    Jonah Magnus, founder of the Magnus Institute
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Jurgen Leitner, collector of paranormal books

Episode 162

    Gerard Keay, frequently mentioned goth-looking man
    Gertrude Robinson, former Head Archivist
    Mr Hampton, killed by a book only identified as The Travels
    Elias Bouchard, head of the Magnus Institute
    Sasha James, archival assistant
    Timothy Stoker, archival assistant
    Martin Blackwood, archival assistant

Episode 163

    Martin Blackwood, archival assistant
    Charlie, soldier in the Trench
    Ryan, soldier in the Trench
    Ishaan, soldier in the Trench
    Hasanna, nurse in the Trench
    Alexei, soldier in the Trench

Episode 164

    Gillian Smith, head of the village council
    Mrs Kim, village resident
    Martin Blackwood
    Basira Hussain
    Alice "Daisy" Tonner
    Melanie King
    Georgie Barker, host of the podcast “What The Ghost?”
    Elias Bouchard, head of The Magnus Institute
    Annabelle Cane, avatar of The Web
    Helen, the Distortion

Episode 165

    Nikola Orsinov, avatar of The Stranger
    Hannah
    Veronica
    Julian
    Anya
    Not-Sasha, NotThem pretending to be Sasha James
    Sasha James, archival assistant

Episode 166

    Helen, the Distortion
    Sam, worm
    Richard, worm
    Annabelle Cane, statement giver in ep. 147

Episode 167

    Gertrude Robinson, former head archivist
    Annabelle Cane, avatar of The Web
    Angus Stacey, former head archivist, preceding Gertrude Robinson
    Jonah Magnus, founder of the Magnus Institute
    Richard Mendelson, former head of the Magnus Institute, preceding James Wright
    Robert Smirke, 19th-century architect
    Fiona Law, assistant to Gertrude Robinson, previously mentioned in ep. 29
    Eric Delano, former assistant to Gertrude Robinson
    Emma Harvey, assistant to Gertrude Robinson
    Agnes Montague, avatar of The Desolation
    The Sandman, monster of the Dark, previously appeared in ep. 98
    Mary Keay, Gerard Keay’s mother
    Michael Shelley, assistant to Gertrude Robinson
    Sarah Carpenter, assistant to Gertrude Robinson, previously mentioned in ep. 27
    Elias Bouchard, head of The Magnus Institute
    Jurgen Leitner, Norwegian collector of paranormal books
    Adelard Dekker, occasional collaborator with Gertrude Robinson
    Gerard Keay, occasional collaborator with Gertrude Robinson
    Mikaele Salesa, artefact smuggler and occasional collaborator with Gertrude Robinson

Episode 168

    Oliver Banks, avatar of The End
    Not-Sasha, NotThem pretending to be Sasha James
    Danika Gelsthorpe, victim trapped in the Corpse Roots
    Maria, acquaintance of Danika
    Bobby, acquaintance of Danika
    Dennis, acquaintance of Danika

Episode 169

    Jude Perry, avatar of The Desolation
    Arthur Nolan, avatar of The Desolation
    Sabina, victim trapped in Jude Perry’s domain

Episode 170

    Sasha James, archival assistant
    Not-Sasha, NotThem pretending to be Sasha James

Episodes 171-180

Episode 171

    Jared Hopworth, avatar of The Flesh
    Fuertisium Reese, a Gristlebloom Orchid
    Gristleium Patricia, a Bone Rose
    Cicadium Leopold, a Cutaway Tulip
    Sopranium Maeve, a Lily of the Damned
    Arthur Nolan, avatar of The Desolation
    Jude Perry, avatar of The Desolation

Episode 172

    Francis, victim in a domain of The Web
    Annabelle Cane, avatar of The Web

Episode 173

    Callum Brodie, avatar of The Dark
    Maxwell Rayner, deceased avatar of The Dark
    Jack, victim in a domain of The Dark
    Kaitlyn, fellow victim
    Luka, fellow victim

Episode 174

    Mehreen, victim in a domain of The Vast
    Edward, fellow victim
    Simon Fairchild, avatar of The Vast
    Peter Lukas, avatar of The Lonely
    Helen, the Distortion

Episode 175

    Leah, victim in a domain of The Extinction
    The Thing That Lives, a native of this domain
    Robert Smirke, 19th-century architect

Episode 176

    Trevor Herbert, hunting partner of Julia Montauk
    Julia Montauk, hunting partner of Trevor Herbert

The Magnus Archives Liveshow

    Rosie, employee of The Magnus Institute

Episode 177

    Doctor David, psychiatrist at Wonderland House
    Noah Thompson, victim of Daisy
    Helen, the distortion

Episode 178

    Tyler, victim in a domain of The Flesh
    Isabelle Moran, victim of Daisy
    unnamed avatar

Episode 179

    Derek, victim in a domain of The Desolation
    Tilly, Derek’s daughter
    Colin, Derek’s friend

Episode 180

    Unnamed statement giver, victim of the Necropolis domain.
    Unnamed woman, abuser of the statement giver.
    Annabelle Cane, avatar of The Web.
    Mikaele Salesa, antiques dealer.

Episodes 181-190

Episode 181

    Annabelle Cane, avatar of the web
    Mikaele Salesa, antiques dealer

Episode 182

    Dr. Jane Doe, avatar of the stranger
    Breekon, agent of the stranger
    Jeremy M, victim of St.Bleedings domain
    Renee T, victim of St.Bleedings domain
    Kelly M, victim of St.Bleedings domain

Episode 183

    Helen, the distortion
    "Doctor something," victim of monument domain
    "Professor," victim of monument domain
    Robert Smirke, 19th-century architect

Episode 184

    Jordan Kennedy, statement giver in MAG 55
    Leto, victim of the ant domain
    John Amherst, avatar of The Corruption
    Ants, avatar(s) of The Corruption

Episode 185

    Tina, victim in the prison domain
    The Inspector, victim in the prison domain

Episode 186

    Tim, victim in Martin’s domain, specified to not be Timothy Stoker
    Unnamed man, victim in Martin’s domain
    Unnamed woman, victim in Martin’s domain

Episode 187

    Helen Richardson, statement giver in ep. 47
    Michael, the Distortion’s former identity
    The guest, Alex's mother and victim in Helen's domain
    Alex, son of Helen’s victim, maybe 4 or 5 years old

Episode 188

    Carmen, victim in a domain of The Eye
    Simone, Carmen's ex
    Carmen's Therapist, being in London domain
    Carmen's roommate, being in London domain

Episode 189

    The minister, victim in a domain of The Eye
    Georgie Barker, host of the “What The Ghost?” podcast
    Melanie King, former archival assistant

Episode 190

    Celia, cult member
    Laverne, cult member and Melanie's therapist from ep. 136
    Georgie Barker, host of the “What The Ghost?” podcast
    Melanie King, former archival assistant
    Arun, cult member
    Jurgen Leitner, collector of paranormal books
    The Admiral, Georgie Barker’s cat
    Helen, The Distortion
    Danielle, cult member

Episodes 191-200

Episode 191

    Unnamed Person, cult member
    Arun, cult member
    Celia, cult member
    Laverne, cult member and Melanie's therapist
    Georgie Barker, host of the “What The Ghost?” podcast
    Melanie King, former archival assistant
    The Admiral, Georgie Barker’s cat

Episode 192

    Rosie Zampano, assistant to Elias Bouchard/Jonah Magnus
    Georgie Barker, host of the “What The Ghost?” podcast
    Elias Bouchard/Jonah Magnus, head of The Magnus Institute
    Past Archivists

Episode 193

    James Wright, former host body of Jonah Magnus
    Elias Bouchard, current host body of Jonah Magnus
    Jonah Magnus, founder of the Institute
    Allan Schrieber, friend of the original Elias, deceased

Episode 194

    Rosie Zampano, assistant to Elias Bouchard/Jonah Magnus
    Malcolm, victim in a domain of The Eye
    Mary, person on dating site
    Jenny, person on dating site
    Hannah, person on dating site
    Antonia, person on dating site
    Celia, cult member
    Annabelle Cane, avatar of The Web
    Mikaele Salesa, antiques dealer, deceased

Episode 195

    Mikaele Salesa, antiques dealer, deceased
    Helen, The Distortion

Episode 196

    Eowa, Saxon man who built the first residence in the future location of 105 Hill Top Road
    Geoffrey Neckam, past resident of 105 Hill Top Road
    Raymond Fielding, owner of 105 Hill Top Road in the 1960s

Episode 197

    Annabelle Cane, avatar of The Web
    Robert Smirke, 19th-century architect

Episode 198

    Annabelle Cane, avatar of The Web

Episode 199

    Angela, mysterious lady from episode 14

